= Ourmedia Beta Feedback =

== 10/02/08 == 

Jay, Ryanne & Cheryl's notes on  the 8 Tasks

===Jay===

1- *Images*
--thumbnails need to look better
--profile thumbnails should be square

2- *Commenting*
--when i comment on channel page, i shouldnt have to login again

3- *Channels*
--why on http://beta.ourmedia.org/node/429830, i cant go to full channel?
--why is date wrong (June 16, 2008, 11:32 pm) on http://beta.ourmedia.org/node/378170

4- *Profile*
--http://beta.ourmedia.org/node/378170 (my name/profile should link to my profile)
--be able to link all my archive accounts to ourmedia page

5- *Front Page*
--can the Showcase change dynamically?
--can i chat with other users online?

6- *RSS feeds*
--most viewed, latest posted, etc 
--add RSS feeds to user profiles 
--can i "Track" a channel like an ebay item

7- *Forum:*
Make voting icon more clear here (http://beta.ourmedia.org/node/445776)
on reply page. Link to other topics: http://beta.ourmedia.org/content/digital-dojo

_

===Ryanne===

1- *Notifications Need Empahsis*-
example: the one that says "Thank you for applying for an account..." notification should be in *RED* or have a diff. color background, the plain black blends in too much 'The changes have been saved.'

2- *Cause Tab in Profile Editing Section Needs Tweaks*-
i think it should be defined fields, like Cause Name:    Cause Link:
and maybe specify that you can link to outside places? i was a little confused on that would be a great place to learn about causes people care about. also we should define 'cause' i automatically think of it as a non-profit, but it could (potentially) be a lot of things. also would be cool to have a little sidebar check box option to put your Fav. Causes on your profile sidebar.

3- *Terms of Service Agreement*
i see that there is a check box for terms of service under 'options', that terms of service should probably get checked when signing up for an account, and that should not be an option IMHO.

4- *Marketing OM to Individuals not just 'Causes' or Non-Profits*
we should make sure that when defining 'causes' it does not exclude individuals. we want people who are not a part of a non-profit to want to use ourmedia too. but at the same time discourage youtube-y type crazy media. we want to attract people who are about change in the world. action.

5- *Claim your Internet Archive Accounts*
would love ourmedia to have the ability to display all the content i've uploaded on the Archive. i would have an AMAZING profile, as i have about 600 videos there, never have i been able to display that anywhere. WOW.

6- *Showcase being funky*
under showcase it says:
"/sites/default/files/missing mediaurl
No media found for"

7- *Dashboard and Username link to the same thing*
the ability to edit your profile and look at your stuff in the same place.

8- *User Icons Square Formatted Like Twitter*
that makes users look more uniform and differentiates them from video icons

9-*Stop video Pages from Auto-Playing*

10-*choice of formats on Video Pages, Flash, QT etc*

11- *Featured Producers Links Counter-intuitive*
user's icon on the featured producers sidebar should link to the user's profile, right now it links to the featured item which is already linked to and a bit counter intuitive.

12- *Chat with other Users Online*
would be cool to be able to ping other users who are online

13- *RSS Feeds for Everything*
users showcase, media, front page, featured producers, in the spotlight, etc.

===Cheryl===

1- *Login fields need to be labeled*-
people are used to seeing search fields as well as login fields, may be confused; the search field *is* labeled but it's not as easy to see since it's centered and is a less dominant color

2- *User Profile page media needs resize-ability*
the <div> for right column is set to 615px width, so it can't accommodate wider content. photographs and graphic illustrations frequently exceed this width, and video will eventually begin to exceed this width. perhaps add site ability to resize content? example: http://beta.ourmedia.org/user/145932 (my profile)

3- *I find "Channels" tab overwhelming*
Can channels be tagged or categorized? I'd like to be able to sort the view of the channels by topic, or have some way to help me manage the list (other than by producer or channel name - that doesn't help me discover content unless I already know about it). the channel list is too long, & visually indistinct, makes me want to navigate anywhere else

4- *sign on / log in sync*
beta.channels.ourmedia.org and beta.ourmedia.org are two different sites, need sign-on synced (or when you try to make a channel after logging in, you get "You are not authorized to access this page."

5- *site never finishes loading? Firefox problem?*
the site seems to slow Firefox to a crawl? I end up having to close other tabs, sometimes restart browser...

6- *site workflows need to be more obvious*
help users know what to do when they get to Ourmedia. seems like you can (1) upload media, (2) find and share media in Channels and (3) create a producer/user portfolio. Do you need to do these in a particular order? lead people through tasks (like Blogger.com start page you see when not logged in http://www.blogger.com/start)

7- *password security level acceptability could be clarified*
think it's super cool that the site gives on-the-fly feedback about how secure your password is, but it isn't clear that you can choose a less-secure password - feels like you have to keep changing it until it's "secure enough"

8- *messages & notifications need emphasis*
Marcus said he could fine-tune CSS to make messages stand out

9- *simplified registration process*
perhaps registration (sign up) and profile creation could be separated? maybe an "I'll set up my profile later" option, so you can quickly get signed in and start uploading media or playing with channels. some people don't want to add in all that detail for their profile until they're sure they'll be returning and using the site. it's not clear that it's optional, or what will happen if you don't fill it in right away ...

10- *Causes needs clarification*
I like that "Causes" is a bit open ended, but I think users need guidance - the area for adding "My favorite causes" could use some instruction

11- *My Account > Track*
if user has not posted any media yet, perhaps that page can say "once you add media you can track it here" - otherwise user can't tell what the page is for. Once media has been added, I do like that I can see when item was updated and if there are replies. But with a media entry I'd want to see things like what Blip.tv offers - statistics on how often item was viewed or downloaded, where viewers found the media, stuff like that


12- *Blog Tool needs explanation/tool tips & CSS tweaks*
I think the "split summary at cursor" feature is cool but will confuse people who don't have a blog and don't know what a post excerpt is. When I view the post, I don't like how it looks, it's hard to read, but I assume you're still working on visual design stuff and this might be improved (more whitespace after the categories would really help, so would differentiating post date and tags from main post somehow - this is all after clicking "read more" to see what came after my post summary

13- *Move Dashboard link up to Login block*
so all user-specific navigation takes place in same area

14- *improve video thumbnails*
many are very pixelly looking because a tiny graphic is getting blown up larger than actual size - gives impression that if you click on it, the video will be low quality/low resolution

15- *channel & user subscription within user profiles*
I think if users could "friend" or "subscribe" to a channel or another producer/user within their profiles it would encourage repeated login - it would sort of "social-media-ize" OurMedia. If I subscribe via RSS, I'm going to interact with the channel through my RSS reader and forget I found it via Ourmedia.

16- *upload/add custom thumbnail option*
would be nice to have option to submit a thumbnail for media types I upload that can't be displayed in browser... (EPS or PSD files for example), also nice to choose my own video thumbnail if that's possible


=== Beta site feedback from JD and Dave: Short term ===

more [[Beta Site Feedback]]

Following are items that should be addressed before opening the beta review to other parties (not necessarily in order of priority):

* Flash is missing on media pages (on Markus's list)

* the MEDIAmobz sig is far too large and obtrustive on almost every page. Please reduce by 50% and consign to very bottom of the page, not front and center.

* Under "What's your cause" heading, "List your favorite cause on your profile page" doesn't take me to my profile page. What's the url for this?

* I get a garbled page for the Producers Directory:

http://beta.ourmedia.org/producers

* Just created a Forum post (http://beta.ourmedia.org/forums/new-cause-sites) and the date is listed as 1969.

* There should be no left nav on the Learning Center page

* There should be no left nav on the Forums page

* There should be no left nav on the Why register page

http://beta.ourmedia.org/why-register

* So on the new site, by default we'll have all the person's media items appear on their profile page?

http://beta.ourmedia.org/user/3

* We agreed to eliminate some of the superfluous items in the left navigation, such as Skills & Services; etc. (don't want to introduce new items that won't carry over to the new Causes site).

* The most discussed tab on front page takes you to a page with zero comments:

http://beta.ourmedia.org/node/359266

* On this media page, the left half of the video player bar is obscured by a white overlay (in Firefox3 on a mac):

http://beta.ourmedia.org/node/39326 

* The Channels page looks unfinished (new channels on right, not left?)

http://beta.channels.ourmedia.org/og

* When I clicked on the Comments: 0 beneath the first thumbnail under Mashup Madness on the front page (for Xmas in NYC), I was instead taken to the page for the 4th thumbnail: Nobody's Perfect.

* Then, when I used the browser button to return to the front page, the entire top right of the front page contained the RAN leopard and Name, Company, Location. (JD has a screenshot.)

* When I clicked on JD Lasica link under Mashup Madness, it took me to Josh Wolf page.

* When I log in, go to my Dashboard and click the first link (Create an Ourmedia Channel), it says: You are not authorized to view this page. 

http://beta.ourmedia.org/dashboard 

* When you're not logged in and click on an item to Comment, it should say:

Please log in to post a comment.

NOT: You are not authorized to post comments.

* The "View more tools" link looks a little off layout (FF3, Seamonkey, Chrome) oddly it looks right in IE7. It is better than it was before.

* Front page breaking completely in IE6. This may be due to some thumbnail images that are actually larger images being scaled with a "max-width"

* On the beta page for channels (http://beta.channels.ourmedia.org/), when you click through to the channel, we're not seeing any media content apart from the default Ourmedia promotional video.

* Clicking the privacy link gives page with formatting issues. http://beta.ourmedia.org/content/markus-sandy ... How can I fix?

* Same with Fair use page: what's with spacing issues?

http://beta.ourmedia.org/rules/fair-use

* The anchor links aren't working on the FAQ pages.

http://beta.ourmedia.org/mission/faq

* Let's lose the "Site map" link in the footer.

=== Dave feedback ===

* Images are fuzzy on the player in the spotlight

* Clicked on Robin Beck, RAN, took me to JD channels, Image is not readable, no verbage, no video , nothing of interest. Clicked on play button and went to channel page, why doesn't it go to media page for RAN?

* Dave experienced same bug with RAN image showing up on home page after hitting back button in browser.

* Set up a channel, not bad, though when I was done there was no “join” button on the channel. Where do I go to add a video or other content to the channel, how do I build it????

* Went to list your favorite causes, didn’t work.

* Where do I upload video?

* Hey it logged me out at some point I just noticed.

* What is the blank area on the left of forums and the learning center?

* None of the product links work at the bottom of the page. FAQ links do not work.