#summary 102208AD ADUFFY

This site was interesting. I thought I was going to have a difficult
time picking out the glitches, but it turned out to be pretty easy.
There are a lot of broken links, sign in and password problems, and
pages that do not allow access.

Here are the rest of the details.


1. Register and sign in.
Registering was OK, but when I received my password, it didn't want to
work. I tried it a bunch of times, and had to request a new one. When
I requested a new one, it sent me an email with a link in it. This
link took me to another page, where I was able to sign in.

OK, we got in.

2. My general impression was good. The layout was nice, it was east to
see how to get to my homepage etc. I was very excited about poking
around on the site, but little did I know, more problems waiting
patiently for me to find them.

3. I watched a video with Matt Damon in it, and couldn't find a place
to leave a comment. Down at the bottom of the video there was a link
to "sign in" to leave a comment. I was already signed in! I tried to
sign in again, and it didn't recognize my sign in name, password, or
email (even though I have already received two emails from the site.)
So needless to say, I could not figure out how to leave a comment.

4. I tried to create a channel, but I kept getting a page that said
"you are not authorized to use this page." So, no new channel for me.

5. I was supposed to go to my dashboard next, but I did things a
little out of order. I tried to upload a picture, but all my picture
files were too big to upload, and I wasn't smart enough to figure out
how to make them smaller. Again, I didn't get any pictures posted.

6. This is where I was supposed to post a picture, but instead I
checked my dashboard. When I did that, I noticed that Evelyn was
online, because it took me to her homepage. When I tried to click on
my page, it kept directing me to Evelyn's. I noticed that she was able
to get a picture up even though I was not. Of the dashboard
selections, however, I would like to see a place to write more facts
about yourself, a place to upload pictures, and a way to communicate
with other members. I noticed that there was a way to comment of a
video via the dashboard, but that just sent me to another page that
said "I was not authorized to use this page."

7. The searching option on the site was a little easier to use. I
searched for "privacy policy" and "media." It brought up related
topics, so I figure this part of the site works well.


I can't wait to see this site fixed! It looks like it has great potential.

-Amber Duffy