#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
kat nyhan <theysayshesapisces@gmail.com> 103008KN
= Introduction =

Add your content here.
1) The registration process was fine.  No complaints.  I appreciate
not being forced to put my age, gender, etc.  It really only took one
minute and the password email came immediately and the link sent me
right to the create a password page.

2) I guess I wasn't exactly clear what it was and I'm not sure if you
are affiliated with the Rainforest people but they are the first group
I see on the page and that definitely sets a specific kind of social
justice tone.  There is a picture of a strange looking blonde girl
next to my login name at the lower right corner that I definitely did
not upload as my picture.  If it automatically gives you a picture
that could be problematic.
3) So I watched the video that is right in the middle that is
spotlighted.  The guy is talking about Delver, some kind of search
engine.  I clicked "add a comment" link that is above the video and
nothing happened.  It was like the page refreshed and that was it.  If
I could've commented I would've said that the video was horrible and
boring and didnt seem like it was giving me info about a social cause,
instead it was some kind of advertisement for this guy's company.

4) I tried to create a channel but it said access was denied bc I
wasn't logged in but that was strange because on the previous home
screen it said at the top of the page that I was "signed in as Kat32"

5) I like the dashboard concept.  It looked like everything I needed was there.

6) That process was annoying.  The upload media link took me to that
image archive which would be fine except that they wanted me to log
in.  I hate that bc I feel hustled into signing up at all these sites.
It should instead just give you a browse option not immediately
direct you to that site.

7) I searched for 'ICE raids' because that is a 'social justice' issue
that is relevant right now but there were no results for that.  Then I
searched immigration and a few things came up that were mentioning
immigration in one way or another.  They were episodes of some series.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages