#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
<stephen@pedroff.com> 102408SP
= Introduction =

Add your content here.
1) Please register (if you're already an Ourmedia member, register a
2nd dummy account). We want to hear your thoughts on how we can
simplify the registration process: what info should be included or
left out, etc.


--      Not sure if this is a bug, but when I registered, I went back to the
home page, but no intermediate "an email was sent to..." page.  The message
- in the header on the home page, wasn't immediately obvious to me.  I think
the information is fine - the form works, no problem.

2) Go the front page of http://beta.ourmedia.org - what's your general
impression? Please click around and take notes about what you like or
what doesn't make sense.


--      My first impression is that I'm not sure why I'm 'here.'  What's
being offered?  There's no context, not even a slogan ("What's your cause?"
seems kinda vague).  For example:  "Helping Causes Get Videos Produced."
I'm not suggesting this as a slogan, but something in the nature of
explaining the context of the site would seem appropriate.
      I have the impression that this is a community, but my way of
interacting with it (or even creating my profile) is secondary.  The link,
"List your favorite causes on your profile page," and the next one, "Discuss
how to advance a cause," to my mind are the beginnings of a community.
      I am wondering how the video highlights 'box' that commands most of
the attention on the page supports the reason that people would be part of
the community, or use the site?  Why are these videos important?  Will they
teach me how to make a video, promote a cause, etc.?   I see the text, "Why
is it spotlighted?" but I don't see the answer.
      Why do the "Rainforest Action Network," and the "Mashup Madness"
sections command such a prominent location?  I have the same questions about
why I should care about these videos.
      Finally, the section I am inclined to view first is "Featured
Producers"; not sure how this helps the mission of helping causes, but it's
interesting.

3) Please sign in and post a comment about a video that you watched -
we won't tell you how to do it, so see if you can figure it out.
--      I think the "log in to vote" graphic could be better located,
larger, and more obvious.  My username and password don't work - perhaps you
have disabled this beta by now...

4) Please create a channel and tell us how the process could be improved.
--      Not working.  I received the message, "You are not authorized to
access this page."


5) Please go to your Dashboard (when logged in). Let us know what
kinds of things you'd like to see in your page of user controls.
--      I think this covers it.  I might find more as I use the site...

6) Please go to your user portfolio page (Dashboard > portfolio) and
try to add an image or logo to represent you in your user profile.
--      Easy.  Site's running slow; assume this is because it's beta.

7) Please search for something and tell us how the results turned out.
--      I searched on "solar power," and received several results, no videos
though.
That's it!

The final step is to provide feedback.

To do this, we'd like you to log in and go to the Forums section and
click on "Feedback and suggestions." Then start your own Forum topic
within that section, and post all your notes, suggestions and
criticisms there. (Sign it with your real name so we know who you
are.) Anything that's as minor as "this link didn't work" would be
helpful; higher-level observations too.

-- I think I did it, didn't see post right away...



= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages