#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
James Precit <jrprecit@gmail.com> 102808
= Introduction =

Add your content here.
How's it going JD, my name is James Precit and I am a student of Marie
Drennan's at SFSU. She asked us to look around your your website
beta.ourmedia.org to test out it functions and operations. Here are my
observations of the site as a whole in addition to those regarding the
specific functions that you asked us to perform.
Overall, I liked the homepage. I thought it was very clean, organized,
and free of all the clutter that most sites suffer from. It was also
very easy for me to navigate from one thing to another, I had no
problems there. After a brief run through all the main links and
headings at the top and bottom of the page, which all worked fine for
me, I created my own portfolio. The registration process was fairly
simple and quick. I thought it was cool that you could subscribe to
newsletters and partners, both of which I did. At this point I also
thought it might be a little more efficient to let users create their
own password as opposed to generating one for them and then giving
them access to change it in their account section.
I then attempted to post a comment on one of the videos in the channel
section. Unfortunately I was not able to do so. Despite my already
being logged in on the homepage (it showed me logged in on the top of
the page) the username and password text boxes showed back up when I
came to the channel page. After trying to log in again in the
producers showcase area as well as at the top it would just say that
either my username or password was invalid. After a few attempts I
gave up. It just wouldn't let me log in from this page in order to
post a comment about a movie. I had the same problem on the main page
when I tried to post one about one of the videos in the spotlight
section. I would click it and something would start to load but then
nothing would happen. Of all the various routes I took in order to
post a comment none of them would work for me.
Next, I tried to create a channel of my own. I also tried to do this
in more than one way but none of them allowed me to do so. I first
went to the channel pages from the main link on the homepage. I then
clicked the create a channel link but a message came back saying that
I was not authorized to access this page. I also tried clicking the
link below 'create your own' and I got the same message. I tried to
create one again this time from the dashboard link but unfortunately I
got the same message.
I thought that the dashboard section was pretty neat. I liked how it
enabled me as user to navigate and perform different things all from
only one page as opposed to having to bounce around. I liked how they
were all put together here.
It was also from here I went to my portfolio to try and upload a
profile picture. This definitely worked well. The first picture that I
chose was successfully uploaded with no problems even though it was a
few kilobytes too big but it was able to be re sized.
Also regarding the account/profile section I thought it was a very
good idea to have all the different options you did in customizing an
account like causes subscribing to emails and newsletters as well as
producer information...very cool. I then started to search a bunch of
different things from the search page. The first thing I searched was
'McCain' since I had seen that there were a few videos about him in
the channel section. I was surprised to find that the search yielded
only three results all articles I thought the videos would have come
up for sure but they didn't. But maybe the channel section is
unrelated to the search I'm not sure. I then searched some pretty
broad things like 'media,' 'copyright' and got vast numbers of results
back. So overall not too many issues there I feel.
That's about it from the hour or so I spent messing around on it. I
sure hope that this helps you work out all the bugs you have
encountered. I'm looking forward to it being up and running to its
full potential. It seems like a pretty sweet site.
Thanks,
James


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages