#summary 102308BH BHALE

1. Register and Sign in process:

Register button in upper right does not open.
I used About link on bottom of page, then Sign up for an Account
(Typos on Terms of Use and on home page.  You need a good QA!)
I got an error message that my email address at SF State is not valid.  It is!
Used alternative email address, which worked, but now login is bad.
Sign up did not have me create a password.
Again, I had to go back to About, and Sign up, then click on the Log In tab.
Password did not work since one was not created.
Instructions did not tell user that a temporary password or link would
be emailed to them.
Finally, I got email. Went to URL.  Error message. Timed out, request
new password.

This is where I would think that the site was not worth joining.  Too
much of a hassle to even Register.  I can live without it, thanks.
Horrible user experience!
But since I'm doing this for a class, I'll persevere. Arrgh

New Error Message
You have tried to use a one-time login link which has either been used
or is no longer valid. Please request a new one using the form below.

So, cutting and pasting the URL into a new browser window does not
work. Click on the link, then it takes you to page to set up or change
PW.

Finally in.

2. Front (Home) page:
Thumbnail graphics are poor quality (viewing site on IE on Windows)
I'd like to see a better explanation of what the site is about. Social cause?
Home page graphics and text don't really reflect that well.
I like your box What's Your Cause
and subhead: Social media and you,
But there's not much that would entice me to join at this point.

3. Video
Why not just embed the video instead of having user select which
format or download player?  Anyway, I chose Quicktime and it loaded.
Watched video (Mendelssohn), no place to post comment on same page.
I'm already logged in, so clicked on Kelsey Z's name a got a big bug:
Stack overflow. Can't get out.  Clicked Home button, whew
Clicked on >>Add your comment link at top of Spotlight.  Nada

Moving on . . .

4. Channel
For starters, when the user clicks on a link that says "Click here to
create your own Ourmedia channel, It should work!  It did not.  I was
redirected to a page saying "You are not authorized to access this
page."

Channels explained should be the first, not third link.

I went to Dasboard, Create a channel and it did not work either.

5. Dashboard
In general, site navigation looks like it is straightforward, but it's
not.  Not intuitive once
user clicks on a tab. Site needs MUCH Better and consistent
navigation!  For example: How does one get back to Dashboard menu
without having to click on the Dashboard tab again?
Did you start with a paper prototype and address navigation at the
planning stage? Doesn't look like it.

6. Portfolio and pic
Can't do it. Portfolio link does not work.
I clicked on next link "View your portfolio"
At top is Edit link that takes user to:

My Account >> Edit >> Upload picture.
NOT intuitive, or even semantically logical.

7.  Search
I put in the word "homeless" and got a bunch of basketball links.  What???

Tried again: "animals":  don't understand irrelevant search results,
but on page 2 is some kind of PETA link that didn't work.   How do you
rank Causes?

8. Feedback
Finally something that works well.
Why would I want to use this site?  What is compelling, or easy?
Good idea, needs A LOT more work.