#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
mailto:buddybibbs@aol.com Matt Piniol 102408MP
= Introduction =

Add your content here.
1. Upon clicking on the register link nothing happened. I tried
several times and I was never
redirected. The next day I tried to do the same, but this time I used
a Mac and it worked!
2.I like the general layout of the main page, although the Ourmedia
logo needs some help. The blue
links (dashboard, forums, etc.) which lie beneath the logo are
difficult to see. The Open Media
Directory is my favorite part of the site, I was unaware there were so
many sites with usable media.
3.Since I was unable to sign up for an account I did not actually add
a comment (PC). Posting a
comment on a video seems very intuitive, the link is placed well, just
above the video... When
using a Mac I was able to create an account, but then i found out
adding a comment was not as
easy as I previously thought. After watching a video I clicked the add
my comment link and
nothing happened.
4. The create a channel link did not work for me. Clicking the link
redirected me and I was told I
was not authorized to create a new channel.
5. It would be useful if there were options for each individual user
to customize there own
dashboard. A section of the dashboard could be used to hold your
favorite links to open source
material, similar the links you can find in the learning center.
6. Finding the location to add your image was intuitive and easy.



= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages