#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
Christine Patacsil <christine.patacsil@gmail.com> 102208CP
= Introduction =

Add your content here.
Feedback from Christine P.

1. The registration process was very simple. It was self-explanatory
from the get go. I one thing that I found irritating was the password
retrieval. I think it would be better for the user to create their own
password or even have the option to create their own password.

2. The first thing that I got from the home page was how clean it was.
But it was sort of odd to me because on some sites, when you create an
account the dashboard page would automatically open. It was
interesting that it would directly go to the home page. All of the
links that I tried on the home page automatically opened which was
great. It was a bit slow with loading, so I don't know if it's just my
internet or the site itself. So far, there hadn't been any problems.

3. Posting a comment is where I had the most difficulty. I was already
logged into my account, but it would say that I have to log in or
register to post a comment. I would click on the log in link and enter
my information, but it would say it was wrong. Then I would request
for a new password and then it would say that the account was not
valid. So, I was not able to post comments on the videos or podcasts.

4. Creating a channel. This was the same problem as posting the
comment. I'm already logged in, and the page says that I'm not
authorized. When I would put in my information, I would get the same
result from the commenting process.

5. The dashboard doesn't really appeal to me. It may be because it
looks very plain and not-user-friendly. I think if it had an interface
similar to tumblr, I would like it more. I really like that it has the
blog feature though. I know it might be difficult, but it would be
cool if there was an edit function within the site ala jumpcut.

6. This is another issue similar to 3 and 4.

7. The searches seem pretty reasonable considering it suppose to host
material that can be shared under creative commons. When I would
search using general terms such as video games or nba, I would get
some content varying between podcasts and videos. But when I would
search for specifics, I would get no search results. I'm guessing it's
mainly copyrighted material. But I noticed when I would search under
the internet archive, I would get a few search results. Besides that,
a majority of the videos played. I noticed that some of the quicktime
videos didn't fully load.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages