#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
Jenna Quilalang <jquilalang24@yahoo.com> 102608JQ
= Introduction =

Add your content here.

1) Please register (if you're already an Ourmedia member, register a
2nd dummy account). We want to hear your thoughts on how we can
simplify the registration process: what info should be included or
left out, etc.

- After registering, it may be a good idea to have a different
confirmation page that it went through, instead of that little blurb
on the homepage. I hard a little bit of a hard time figuring out if I
was actually registered because it looked like I had just went back to
the homepage.

- The producer information can be left out of the registering process.
It seems that's better left for the user to fill out once they
actually have an account.

- Once you log in and use the password provided, the next page says,
"please change your password," possibly a direct link that says
"change password here" instead of assuming the user knows its the edit
button.

2) Go the front page of http://beta.ourmedia.org - what's your general
impression? Please click around and take notes about what you like or
what doesn't make sense.

- I like the spotlight video at the very top of the page.(ADD YOUR
COMMENT link doesn't work) It's eye catching, and draws the user to
the site.

- Like Youtube, it would be good to add a ratings feature to the
videos, and then accordingly, a top rated videos category, along with
the most discussed and in the spotlight

- The learning center tab is pretty interesting. I like that it
encourages newbies to take a stab at the online video making process.

- It's cool that there's a spot to feature producers. Is there any
particular way these ones are chosen? It may be a good idea to say how
in fact you guys choose this, so that way users know what they'd have
to do to get on the homepage.

- I would like to see a little more information on the homepage
explaining what exactly ourmedia.org is and what their goal is. The
"What's you cause?" at the top is a start, but I think it can be a
little more detailed. I was a little confused at what the site was at
first. Just some reccomendations: Is it a just another video uploading
site for producers to create channels? or is it a way for people to
promote social change? or both? can anyone use it or is it geared
toward more professional video producers?

- The Rainforest Action Network doesn't quite make sense to me. It
seems kind of random to be placed on the homepage. Is that a
particular channel/producer that's being spotlighted? What are their
videos are about? Can other channels/producers have a spot there as
well?

- and...I'm not too psyched about the colors...it could be livened up
just a bit.

3) Please sign in and post a comment about a video that you watched -
we won't tell you how to do it, so see if you can figure it out.

- Before I watched the video, I got signed out. I clicked on the
video, and then it signed me out, so I had to sign in again. BUT when
I tried to sign in, first my new password wasn't recognized, then my
user name wasn't recognized when I tried to get my password sent to
me, so I was unable to leave a comment.

- Strangely enough, though, when I returned to the homepage, I was
signed in. I didn't press the BACK button. I clicked on the ourmedia
link at the top left, and it returned me to the homepage signed in.

4) Please create a channel and tell us how the process could be improved.

- Again, unable to create a channel because of the problem stated above.

- The channel page could be livelier. A different look to the link
that says "click here to create an ourmedia channel." A couple of
sentences to introduce the page would be great i.e. "Do you have a
cause? Do you create or want to create media about it? Well, here you
can create your own channel and showcase it to the world..."

- I clicked on the link that explains channels, and I think the
content on that particular page that it leads me to should be on the
homepage. If not the direct content, at the very least a link that
leads users to it. It's very informational and explains things that I
would have liked to see earlier, rather than through the channels
page.

5) Please go to your Dashboard (when logged in). Let us know what
kinds of things you'd like to see in your page of user controls.

- An opportunity to personalize it more. It seems rather dull and
boring. Put a picture, or customize the colors or theme. Is there a
difference between your dashboard and profile (i.e. page when you
click on your username)? That might need some explaining.

6) Please go to your user portfolio page (Dashboard > portfolio) and
try to add an image or logo to represent you in your user profile.

- Done. Under Edit tab. Change "Edit" to "Edit User Info" so it's more
specific and precise to what exactly the user is editing. They may
think it's edit video, edit channel, etc.

7) Please search for something and tell us how the results turned out.

searched for:
- Obama - no results
- Sarah Palin - no results
- Mashup - 3 pages of results
- Climate change - 1 page
- Economy - 5 pages

That's it!

The final step is to provide feedback.

To do this, we'd like you to log in and go to the Forums section and
click on "Feedback and suggestions." Then start your own Forum topic
within that section, and post all your notes, suggestions and
criticisms there. Anything that's as minor as "this link didn't work"
would be helpful; higher-level observations too.

As you'll see, we're not quite there yet in some respects, which is
why this is called a beta! Don't hold back and don't feel obliged to
be kind - we know we have a lot of work in front of us.

I posted a topic titled Feedback from Jenna Q. Most of it are things
that I wrote here in this email, but I added a few other things as
well. You said I can be harsh! haha just kidding, it's not that bad :)

= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages