#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
MBARNES 102408MB
= Introduction =

Add your content here.
On the home page, I could not register. The cursor appears as the
standard arrow instead of the hand. I was not able to post a comment
on the videos either. I was not able to sign up for my own channel
either. But, I read about what the channel is and I am impressed at
the possibilities available to you through it. I have never seen an
application that allows someone to create their space where any media
under their interest could be streamed to one page. Unfortunately, I
was not able to use your dashboard function, as well. The home page
itself is very one-of-a-kind in what it offers to people. I would say
that Ourmedia is a site that gives anybody the chance to improve the
efficiency of online browsers that help the community. This is in the
form of a series of different video proposals from average people who
just have an idea. The people involved with this site have creative
and ingenious ideas that not only propose organizations to benefit the
community, but are also able to remix videos from online and showcase
them right on the site. The site also provides space for people in the
industry to showcase their work or ideas in the ?Featured Producers?
column. The search function I think is really cool as well. I read
some information from comments on everything from civil rights to
journalism. Overall the site is very nicely organized for everyone to
easily find what they need, but the register button on the home page
not working is a major hang up to being able to make the most out of
it.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages