#summary Notes on new uploader service and module

(please pardon any misunderstandings, this is early draft based on first use)

==Summary==

Eric Zimmerman has created an http-based, uploader service for use with archive.org.  Markus Sandy has created a Drupal module that integrates that service into Ourmedia.

Currently, the service allows anyone to upload a single media file to archive.org.  The module displays the form uses a customizable drupal template to display the form at url designated via Drupal administration screens (default is 'upload').  The target archive.org collection can be set (default is 'ourmedia').   The module also manages the inclusion of scripts and style sheets and autofills the current user's email address into the upload form (and assists them in logging in first if needed).

These notes are mainly ideas for enhancements/improvements.

==Legend==
While potentially of interest to everyone, I have tried to indicate who might best discuss a given point.

d=dave, e=eric, g=gus, m=markus.

a plus sign denotes what I (markus) think of as a higher priority.  Again, please keep in mind these are rough notes.

==Notes==
  * all additional pro services (or subscription): transcode, distribute to several hosting services, save to archive, public/private sharing of files, download page, ads/revenue, ssl extra?

  * de brand spinxpress uploader or ezuploader or what?
  * de open source the server side of upload service?

  * e+ baseurl applied to email
  * e+ how cancel upload?
  * e how recharge for amazon fees?
  * e+ make redirect optional.  email too.
  * e uploads to flickr, youtube and blip?
  * e what is the cost of this service?
  * e how check status of upload if not immediately transfered to archive.org?
  * e what is format for keywords? subject?  csv?

  * em can we replace need for javascript id call?  better to use a domain or api key?  GUID?
  * em+ control over email message content (should be site based)
  * em+ customizable/replaceable messages
  * em support for multi-file upload
  * em+ allow addition of keywords (subject?)
  * em+ use drupal ahah for updates? (format is here:  http://api.drupal.org/api/file/developer/topics/forms_api_reference.html#ahah)
  * em+ move all styles to css, including red and green colors

  * g compare with blip for UI and ease of use
  * g relationship to kaltura?

  * m upload block to show helpful information (use adv help?) (first pass is done)
  * m add CAPTCHA to upload form?
  * m allow prefill of keywords and other metadata from channels?
  * m anti-spam flags: +1 for each upload in last hour, +1 for each day since user create date, +1 for each upload prior to submission date, etc
  * m call local javascript as much as possible
  * m input filter for [ezuploader] for easy use in channels?
  * m have jay, ry, cheryl test
  * m+ instead of assigning styles, assign classes (e.g., colors)
  * m make work on beta (module) Done. first pass at simple module to wrap service on beta now.
  * m more testing of theming
  * m+ move select to our own form, not CC?  Better performance.
  * m pro version: add uploader to your own blog with redirects to your own blog.  embed? upload-in-a-box for channels, members, specific site
  * m upload options: our new form, spinxpress client, ftp client, cc pulisher, blip uploader, others?
  * m+ archive.org sync progress meter
  * m+ add submit handler to add user if not already a member
  * m+ add general instructions. add instructions on how to get archive library card (new block in place for this)
  * m+ privacy policy and link
  * m+ handle (relay) archive.org errors
  * m+ separate Ourmedia logic from module so as to be generic

  * m+ beta bug found while testing: clean up comment links on media page
  * m+ beta bug found while testing: fix add media to channel on media page (appears to be a problem with prepopulate module)

  * note: node/166 is old uploader 